Good Morning, CO-D

I'd like to create a miniature campaign setting for use as short sessions, such as single encounters with a short scene of roleplay, or a small set of challenges and puzzles. I'd like this setting to be over in the lands of Llasak under the rule of Maleus of Ur and his family. We can use this small short-session setting to flesh out that part of the world without allowing the players to have world-changing influence in the area, as that should be done in the main campaign.

I would like to keep track of a campaign document similar to the Sunrise in the Valley main campaign but for this mini-campaign. We'll call the campaign Dusk in Leshen, and Leshen will be the name of the capital city of Llasak, where the Lords of Llasak sit and rule their slave kingdom.

Here is what I've developed so far for the plot

Ancient ruins of Immolation

The players could be recently elevated slaves who have been given the glorious task of surveying a set of ancient ruins. Most slaves who are sent to ancient ruins come back with very little to show for it other than some information about long-dead ancestors of the Neraly family and other warlocks of the ancient Llasak kingdom.

However, in these particular ruins, the characters may find some hidden knowledge of Llasak's past that they could use in the struggle against oppression. They will need to survive challenging encounters and emerge victorious, even knowing that they cannot give the knowledge to the Llasakian lords and thus will be branded as fugitives once it's discovered they won't be returning.

Llasak has always been a land of darkness and mystery, but the Lords of Llasak have a dark secret that is known only to a select few. The highest-ranking members of the house of Neraly are secretly....Vampires!!!

Most of the main family knows this secret, even those who are not vampires, as they act as minions to their vampire kin. Over time, the human members of the Neraly family may prove themselves to be worthy of having a Sire, at which point a vampire member of the family must sponsor them and turn them into a vampire as well, teaching them all their ways.

I think the ruins should be one of the earliest sites of Neraly vampiric power, and should house one of the earliest vampiric sires of the house.

Here's an idea, what if the Neraly vampires all had to trace their lineage through a sire-line. Each vampire is sired by an older vampire (in terms of how long they've been a vampire at least), who in turn is sired by an older vampire, on down the line.

A vampire can continue to survive indefinitely, even if they do not feed on blood, as long as their sire is still alive. They can still be killed by common primary methods of killing vampires, but additionally, once a vampire's sire is killed, they become significantly weakened, such that all but the strongest and oldest of vampires is outright slain when their sire is slain.

Extraordinarily powerful vampires may be able to survive by feeding on sufficient blood supplies after the death of their sire, though this has only happened a handful of times in the long sordid history of the Neraly's vampire lineage.

Some of the surviving vampires are effectively vampire siblings, and their sire, while still alive, is locked in a tomb as an eternal resting place and prison. This was the result of a conspiracy and betrayal by his children, who have now gained primary control of the Neraly family council.

Maleus of Ur could be formally Maleus Neraly of Ur, the current head of the Neraly family.

His favorite vampiric siblings, a younger brother and younger sister, survive and rule alongside him in the Neraly Council. Along with these three there are four more vampires, each incredibly powerful and surviving as an elder in their own right with no sire above them.

Maleus and his broodmates had once ruled alongside their sire in a council of eight. The master of this council, Adolad the Immolator, had made decisions by council vote with majority rule, though this often led to indecision and inaction, which infuriated Maleus Neraly.

Maleus convinced his broodmates to betray their sire and trap him forever in an unmarked and unremembered tomb. They then took control of the council and claimed they had all survived the death of their sire. Maleus' brother Valax and sister Velexa claimed that Maleus was the strongest of them and they had fed on him to survive the death of their sire, making him the greatest vampire of all time and worthy of the head set on the council.

After taking the head set on the council, Maleus declared that most decisions would be made by him alone, and only wide-reaching high impact decisions would take a vote of the full seven members of the council, though the four additional vampire lords complain that Maleus should not get authoritarian rule in most regards AND a vote on the council for major matters of state, as this ensures that opposition to Maleus and his broodmates requires a full coalition of the four other elder vampires.

The great secret of Maleus and his kin is that their sire is not dead, but imprisoned along with much of the history and secrets of the vampiric line of the Neraly family.