Gaia, please initiate conversational record log and begin Mission Log.

Mission Log: Date Unknown [Update after understanding local temporal tracking system] - 

When arriving in Braeneage, I encountered the AutoGnomes. These were a group of mechanized creatures whose forms resembled gnomes. I, as Anton, had encountered mechanized gnomes in the Fortress City of Qabaeth while Gilvestri was in control, and there is every chance Anton has returned them to operation by this point.

The AutoGnomes here were guided by a need for survival and continuous improvement and repair. A Gnomish Tinker type SpellJammer Galleon was found deep beneath the ice and snowy tundra of Rogue's End, a magical fortress and factory of magical equipment found in the permafrost lands of the north. The name of this land overall escapes me at the moment.

The Galleon was in such disarray, and the AutoGnomes in such need of assistance, that upon my arrival they declared me their captain and commander if only I could being their ship back to operational status and provide them with a mission. The mission of Braeneage's discovery now had a heading and course, though it would take years for the mission to begin in earnest.

The area in which we've been working is dark and generally unimpaired by the weather, though our own mechanized carapaces may aid in our relative lack of discomfort. While I've enacted repairs upon the vessel, I have studied their technology for Astral Navigation, also called SpellJamming. This method of Astral Navigation allows for travel across the surface of the Astral Sea and at times into and through it, but using a different frame of reference. Instead of a Naval Ship Navigating an ocean, I have become captain of an Astral Ship, which is used to Astrogate the Astral Sea, through a process known as SpellJamming. I am able to perform this process through the use of the IRON HELM. 

The Interplanar Reconnaissance, Observation, and Navigation of Heliospheric Environments Logistics Machine. 

Our Ship has been christened as the R.S.S. ALICE - Rupert's Sovereign Ship - Advanced Location and Investigation Control Engine