



The land of Vedania covers roughly 1/5 of the continent of Co'Lire.
Vedania has notable mountains called the Mona Fraternis which are all notable because of their great size and solitary placement. There is a ninth mountain called Olympus Mons which sits at the north of Vedania between Vedania, Haffix, and Arcadia, smack dab between the three. 

The 8 Fraternal Mountains are called Arteis Mons (Southeast), Balaur Mons (northwest),Milcore Mons (Northeast), Riletar Mons (East Mid), Proteus Mons (West Mid), Ors Mons (southwest), Lokir Mons (North Mid), Apollyon Mons (South Mid)



5 major lakes in the region, a few smaller ones. Lake Ryawhin, Lake Bezeel in Videnhon, Lake Ferreus near Angiteth, Lake Raixe near Veda. The largest of the lakes is Lake Aire near Ruiznys and then the smallest of the major lakes, Lake Piscen in the northeast of Vedania.  


River Lotras heading south from Lake Ryawhin down to Lokir Mons

River Leivani heading from Lake Ryawhin to the sea

River Eluin heading from Lake Raixe into the river Lotrax

River Monopati heading from Olympus Mons to lake Raixe

River Aionit heading from Balaur Mons to lake Bezeel

River Pizo heading from Lake Bezeel, past Proteus Mons toward Lake Ferreus

River Toreun heading from Ors Mons toward Lake Ferreus

River Eftheia heading south from Milcore Mons toward Lake Aire

River Revima heading from Lake Piscen toward Milcore Mons

Twin Rivers Runance from Apollyon Mons and Raensa from Arteis Mons both feeding into Lake Ferreus. They connect just north of the city of Llausksay. 

The Longest river is the Polutrax River extending from Arteis Mons to the east, then curving to the north and passing Strauthauk. The river moves up to the northeast corner of Vedania and feeds into Lake Piscen



Forests aside from the outer Arbo’le’an forest

Galzern Forest East of Balaur Mons 

Tixaki Forest north of Apollyon

Unoare Forest southwest of Riletar Mons

Senage Forest east of Milcore Mons

Thelan Woods surrounding the City of Ryawhin

Beyond Vedania:

To the south of Vedania lies the empire of Themalia, a nation of wealthy slavers

To the west is the Sleepless Sea, and to the east are the Ferrium Mountains, beyond which is the desert of the Waking Wastes

North is the city of Tizca surrounded by Sadjuuc, which represents just the small fishing villages outside Tizca. 

The surrounding forest is named the Arbo’le’an forest













The Veda Valley more specifically. 


The Lake Pesche sits in a lush green land, flanked on its west shore by a high cliff face.
From the top of the rocky cliff, the land slopes westward in a lazy decline into a verdant lush valley called the Veda Valley.

The River Setek extends from the northeast corner of the lake in a northeasterly direction until it reaches its source, the great Mount Olymh, a huge solitary mountain a little ways east of the Ferrium Mountain Range.
Covering the area south of the River Setek and east of Lake Pesche is the Eneb Forest

The Ferrium Mountain Range runs directly north to south along the eastern edge of the Eneb Forest.

The southern edge of the Eneb Forest is marked by the River DubhDara, which runs from the southern Ferrium Mountains to the southeastern corner of Lake Pesche.

South of Lake Pesche is the dormant volcano of Mount Artas, which is home to Kimrl Mine, a mine for all sorts of ore and precious things.
Mount Artas has a lake inside its dormant crater which feeds the Artasian Creek which runs down the mountain to create a swampland called Runoff Swamp.

North of the swampland, until you reach the River DubhDara, the land is covered in dry grass and tall hills, this area is called the Yennog Hillocks

South of the Runoff Swamp is the FerroWoods, a dark forest controlled by Druidic Circles.

West of the FerroWoods are the Craglands, a dry land with great cracks in the earth. Little life is found here.

West of the Craglands and at the edge of the known map is the Llasak Wastes, which is the Kingdom of the Lords of Llasak. Llasak is a slave economy but pretends to be a prosperous country when interacting diplomatically.

North of the LLasak Wastes is the great Mount Lokir, with the wide and deep Urian Gorge extending from the eastern leg of the Mount Lokir and running far into the Craglands to the east, cutting off direct access from Llasak to the Veda Valley's lush lands.

North of the great Mount Lokir is The Floodplains, where all excess westward runoff of rainwater through the whole Veda Valley finally collects and comes to rest when the heavy rain season hits.

North of The Floodplains is the Solmnir Jungle, with the wide and deep Ryz Ridge splitting the earth between the Solmnir Jungle and the Wildlands of Ryznz to the east.
