Tharizdun was from a fundamentally different universe with different laws of physics and everything. That cosmos may not have been slat-based, but it still had the basic properties of order captured within chaos and the interaction of those forces. When Tharizdun first arrived in this Cosmos, his existence was nothing but pain and horror as his form was forced to comply and conform with his new reality. His body was shifting away from his native form which resembled floating crystals of various, numerous non-symmetrical and irregular shapes and sizes in a pattern with a VERY ROUGHLY humanoid outline. He shifted into a form that was recognizably human, as is the default shape and form of most beings in this Cosmos, as this was the shape of Cernunnos, the first god.

as to why Tharizdun is impossible to destroy.... Entities, as a rule, can NOT travel between the Cosmoses. The Vastness of Potential, Primordis, is far too chaotic and dangerous to exist within it for even an instant. However, Tharizdun was the most powerful being in his entire Cosmos. He has mastered every magic and technology that his Cosmos could produce, and gained nearly perfect knowledge of the magic that lets reality force Order out of Chaos. He built a ship and enacted a magical ritual that let him do the impossible, a one time trip out of one Cosmos and into another. He didn't even navigate it, the Potential of everything simply dropped him into the only other likely potential, another Cosmos. As every other likely event was just more of the same chaos, no order, and his magic forced Order out of Chaos. Since Time and Distance are irrelevant in the Vastness of Potential, Tharizdun was simply drawn to another Cosmos. However, as simple as this sounds, the effect on Tharizdun was horrific. Like leaping naked from the airlock of a spaceship in full view of the sun and trying to reach a nearby airlock to close it and find safety. Except the other side's ship atmosphere is toxic and corrosive. However, the souls of sentient creatures, especially particularly powerful sentient creatures, are special things, governed by unique rules of morality and laws of their own reality. For instance, we know that in the Cosmos we're writing about, souls are pulled through the Ethereal Plane after death in a Mortal Plane and are pulled along the currents toward their final resting place based on the judgements of the plane itself and the morality that is emergent from all the interactions of the planes together. Tharizdun's reality had a set of rules and laws all their own, distinct from ours, and so much so that there is no rule governing Tharizdun's existence in our Cosmos. Through his own power and the sentience of his soul, he enforces the truth of his own existence, but the Cosmos he is now living within cannot make a determination on what to do with his soul. It cannot destroy it because when a soul is destroyed, it is recycled into the matter of the plane it resides on. Tharizdun's soul cannot join with the matter of this Cosmos, so he cannot die. 